Here is the background information on your task
Skyscanner is incorporating the Hoen Archipelago, an up-and-coming tourist destination, into the platform. The location has recently received substantial media coverage for the strange fauna discovered there, so tourists from all over the world are excited to explore it. Another team at Skyscanner has compiled a list of hotels and rental car services in the area, but they are not yet searchable on the platform. In order to incorporate them, you have been tasked with developing a microservice to manage these search results.

Figuring out how to structure a complex system is no mean feat! As such, some clever minds have come up with different approaches to simplify the process. One such approach describes a system as a collection of microservices, rather than a single monolithic programme. In the latter case, a single codebase has to be redeployed every time a change is made and the sheer size of the programme often makes it unwieldy to work with. Instead, a system can be broken down into many small, independent parts (called microservices), which each encapsulate a single piece of the overall system. These microservices frequently communicate over HTTP (or a related protocol), which allows them to be completely decoupled from one another; they can even be written in different programming languages! By breaking a large system up into small pieces, it becomes easier to reason about each individual component. If you’d like to learn more about microservice architectures (they’re pretty neat), take a look at some of the links in the Resources section in the next step!

In this task, you will be implementing a microservice in Java using the Dropwizard framework. When a user searches for a city on the Hoen Archipelago, the Skyscanner backend will dispatch an HTTP request containing that city to your microservice. Your microservice will then search through the provided files for matches and respond with any hotels and rental car services it finds there. If any of this seems a little daunting, don’t fret! We’ll build this thing together. When you’re ready to begin, have a look at the task instructions.